Update requirements (discord.py --> nextcord) (#56)
anoadragon453/busty: README.md

pip install -r requirements.txt
```

> To install additional packages for speedup, install the `nextcord[speed]` package as well.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To install an additional set of python dependencies for speeding up the bot, install the `nextcord[speed]` package as well. You may need to install additional system packages.
```
